Hello everyone welcome to the section 14 challenge.
Congratulations on finishing up this part of the course.
I'm in the section 14 workspace and you can see that I have a challenge project and this is the basic
shell and I want to talk about.
Now there's also a challenge solution 1 and the challenge solution 2 and I'll talk about those projects
in just a second.
So the whole idea with this challenge is for you to overload operators for the my string class I'm providing
a basic string class that's got all the constructors your move constructors your assignment operators
and I've even overloaded the insertion and extraction operators just to make it easier for you to test
your code.
So let's talk about this challenge.
The purpose of the challenge is for you to gain experience overloading operators and I would recommend
that you do this challenge twice.
That's why we have two solutions here.
The first time do it by overloading the operators using member functions and then start a new project
and do the same thing but this time use non member functions.
OK so let's talk about some of the operators that you could overload.
Now I'm just giving you an example here.
You can certainly do whatever you like whatever makes sense to you.
As crazy as you like this is just to learn.
So you know be as creative as you like.
But here's a couple of examples.
We've already done the minus we've already done the minus in the slides in the examples.
All it does is makes a string lowercase.
Here's the example for equality.
We want to compare two strings as one and as to not obviously this we'll call s one dot operator the
equality operator with s to.
And this is assuming the member method.
So remember all of these operators that we're talking about get mapped to some function whether it be
a member function for a non member function just as we talked about in the class.
So that's the equality operator.
And we're also going to have the not equal operator which just checks to see if two strings are not
equal.
So in the case of S1 being Joe and as to being frank this where we turn true because they're not equal
when we've got the less than and greater than operators which just test strings lexically.
So for example if I've got Frank and I've got George Frank will be less than George since f is less
and G you get the idea just basic string comparison.
We can also do the greater than equal to or less than nickel to leave those up to you if you choose
to do them.
We've got concatenation which we've already done.
But again I haven't done any of these so that you can get experience doing them.
I'd recommend that you try to do them by yourself without going back to the slides and looking at the
code we've written that we you get a little bit better feel for how to overload the operators and how
they work with the code we've got the plus equal operator.
This is an interesting operator because it's s one plus equals as two.
So this is the same as S1 equals as one plus as two.
And then I've got this operator here and this may be a little confusing solemne to take a second to
talk about it.
The idea here is that we have two times three and this is an integer here.
And the idea would be if I have as to being a ABC then as two times three is going to give me three
copies of ABC it's going to repeat that string whatever it is and times where.
And is this guy right here.
So this can be a pretty handy operator.
So as one equals as two times three what's going to happen is you're going to get ABC NBC ABC and then
it gets assigned to S1.
OK so the last one is the star equal operator.
Here we're going to repeat the string on the left hand side and times.
So it's really simple.
So if one is ABC then as one star equal forgives me for ABC is not five minutes we're not really assigning
back to the original S-1.
If you want to do that that would be perfectly fine.
But in this case it's really easy to think you know repeat as one four times and story right back in
as one.
So it's pretty handy.
And then the last operators we're talking about are the increment and decrement operators.
I haven't really talked about them too much in this class but I'll talk about them now.
And the idea here is that remember these are increment and decrement operators and we have pre and post
versions of each one.
Now assuming that we've got member versions and that's what I'm talking about here.
Member method versions of these these are the semantics for this.
You'll notice we have operator plus plus.
And then we've got operator plus plus with an int that it is not used.
It's not even named It's just a placeholder and the compiler is using that behind the scenes to be able
to tell the difference between these two prototypes if you will because otherwise they'd be exactly
the same and it would know which one to call.
So this guy right here is the pre-increment.
And the way that this works is the semantics are really clear.
You do whatever you want.
Increment to do.
I'm making it make all the characters uppercase in the in the current object.
And then you return this because you're actually modifying that object before you go back to the caller
right.
That's what pre-increment does.
Now the semantics for post-increment are a little bit different.
And let me just scroll up just a little here so you could probably see it a little more clearly.
Here we go.
Now the semantics for the post-increment are a little bit different we need to make a copy of what we've
got now.
Then we call operator plus plus.
Notice that this doesn't have an int in there right.
So we're calling pre-increment that's really important if you call post-increment you end up with the
recursive loop here and you're never going to get out of there.
So what we're doing is we're incrementing.
We're doing a pre-increment and then we're returning this temporary object that we save which is the
old copyright.
And that's exactly what the the whole idea with post-increment means.
So that's the semantics of that.
And then the rest is pretty straightforward.
Have fun Think of some of other operators that might be useful.
It doesn't matter if they make sense or not.
This is all about learning how to overload operators so be as crazy and creative as you want to be.
Some hints take advantage of the Stood string compare function for the equality operators remember that
guy returns zero with they're equal negative something or positive something if they're greater than
or less than that.
You guys look that up so you can learn about it.
Another thing is the plus equal and star equals operators should return a ref.
And that's really important because we want to be a big chain and we don't want extra copies.
Finally when you're doing plus equal On-Star equal rather than duplicate all your code again use plus
since Daryn we've already used those operators we've already implemented them.
And if you do that these operators when you go to overlay of these operators right here the code really
becomes almost trivial just that a line or two of code is really really straightforward.
One more thing I want to mention is when you do your increment and decrement operators make sure that
the pre-increment right here returns a ref and make sure that the post-increment does not return a ref
it should return a string by value.
OK.
So that's basically it.
Let me go over the my string class so that you can see where you're the starting point is this should
be really familiar now after this section of my string class you can see that I overloaded the insertion
and extraction operators as friend functions.
Here's my string class and it's got nothing that you wouldn't expect right it's got all the constructors.
The move constructor the assignment operator is both the copy and the move and your getters and your
display you should even have to use display anymore because now we've got this guy right here.
OK.
So that's about it.
If you look at implementation again it's exactly like we've done in class.
One thing that I have done is I've commented out these output statements using copy assignment using
move assignments but I left them in there in case you want to comment them and trace your code or you
can use a debugger to trace the code.
I'll leave that up to you.
The last thing is here's the main here's a real sample main and I've commented the entire main out so
that you can uncomment as you go or create your own test cases.
And here's some simple test cases for this by no means.
These are exhaustive but they'll certainly begin to test for your overloaded operators.
So let me go through a couple of them.
You can see right here I've got a string a frank.
I've got a string.
Be frank there.
They're the same string right.
So in this case I'm comparing a to b.
I expect that to be true since they're both Frank and I'm asking is a not equal to be well that's false
because they are equal right.
So what you see over here in the comments is what I expect as output.
Now we create B is George you remember a still Frank R and B equal.
No they're not.
Is not equal to B.
That's correct.
Is a less than B.
Well Frank B is George the F comes before the g.
So this is true is a greater than B this is false.
You get the idea.
So these are just some sample test cases that you can use along the way.
And then I've got some other ones that are testing the negation operator right here that you remind
us.
Right.
So this one is frank and then I'm just saying as one equals minus S1 which makes s one lowercase.
So when I output it I expect Frank in lowercase there's my concatenation operator right now Frank is
lowercase that's s want.
I'm just adding a bunch of Astor's to the end.
Displaying it.
That's what I expect.
I'm doing it again but this time I'm using plus equal which just means add these dashes to the left
hand side with the left hand side is this guy right here.
So you can see the dashes being added right here.
OK here's another example as to is 1 2 3 4 5.
And what this says is repeat as two three times and then store it into S1.
So when I display S1 I'm seeing one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five
three times.
And I think there's a couple of more test cases down here that we can talk about.
And again I encourage you to come up with your own test cases and read some tests that really test this
and exercise the code so you can be sure that it's working correctly.
Here's another one as three is a B C D E F and the semantics of this one just says hey repeat with whatever's
on the left.
Five times.
So whatever's on the left is ABC.
So we're going one two three four and five.
Now here's some tests with the increment operator.
I haven't done the decrement operator.
I'll leave that totally up to you.
We already have a minus that makes it lowercase but you could do whatever you like remember where we're
programmers we can do anything.
So you can make that decrement operator behave how you like.
So let's take a look at this.
My string is frank and then I'm doing an increment.
In this case a pre-increment.
Remember when we have any when we have plus plus S or S plus plus all alone on a line and Zachery the
same thing read the previous post don't mean much.
It's just increments.
So in this case you can see as is Frank with a capital F that I'm saying pre-increment asks.
At this point when I output as I expect all uppercase characters which is what our semantics say over
here I'm decrementing us using every minus I'm putting it right back to lowercase.
You could make.
You could do something like minus minus s if you like to do the same thing as the minus plot.
Again I'll leave that up to you guys.
And now I've got result in here and same result.
Plus equal sorry pre-increment s and remember right now is Frank lowercase that's what s is.
So I want to pre-increment as that means I want to make as uppercase and then assign it as with the
pre-increment does make as uppercase then assign it.
So when I display both those values I expect them both to be uppercase and that's what's happening here
and let me scroll up just a little bit read her on line 54.
And in this case we're doing a post-increment.
Again here it's the same as the pre-increment so I expect Frank to be uppercase.
Now I make Frank lowercase again so as is Frank in lowercase and what we're doing as result equals s
post-increment.
So what we do is first we assign s over to result then we increment S..
So when I sign as over two result result should be lower case Frank.
You can see it is right here.
And as should be now uppercase Frank because I just moved it over.
OK so there you go that's a quick intro to the challenge.
This could be a pretty long challenge.
Take it one step at a time do the operators do the easy ones first.
I would suggest to you the quality operators first because they're pretty straightforward.
And then make sure that you do your star operator which means repeat.
In this case and your concatenation operator do those before you do plus equal and start equal.
That way you can take advantage of them and really make the code much much simpler.
OK so I'll be back have a go at this and when you're done you can come back and solution one will be
the version where we've got member methods and solution 2 is the version where we've got nonmember methods
or basically an on member functions global functions.
All right so have fun.
Good luck.